... girl I had random sex with in the tunnels. Anybody on campus want to join us? ...Drew Houston, giving a fratboy-boast of a speech at commencement. I appreciate the three core points you spoke about. I think that was useful advice. But your delivery and picking-up-girls and coding-in-boxers language was inappropriate, in my opinion.  Also, why can't MIT students pick better role-models for commencement speakers? You can see Drew Houston at Dropbox on-campus tech talks too. Sal Khan was also very disappointing last year.  inb4 who gives a crap; no one is paying attention any way , Drew Houston. Your life story (so far) is awesome, but I found the speech a little meh. Wish yours was as good as Sal Khan's, that one literally brought a tear to my eye. ...moving into the pat the bunny single. You are pretty and seem super friendly! You were dancing and singing along to jazz as you unpacked, and when I complimented your taste in music you gave me the kind of smile that brightens days and warms hearts. Welcome to EC, and I can't wait to get to *know* you, ifyaknowwaddaymean. ...at our graduation. I liked you 4 years ago. I thought I got over you, but I realized I still like you now. Even though I never told you how I felt and I really wanted to, that's ok. I enjoyed being your friend and wouldn't risk ruining our friendship. I only wish the best for you and seeing you happy with someone during senior week is enough. You have dated many people who didn't treat you well and I hope this one will cherish you, and if not, I hope you will find someone soon.  I don't know when I will see you again. Maybe when I see you again I can finally confess to you. In the meantime, I will get over you but you will not be forgotten. ...and you saw me. We made a connection for a second, I know because i saw it in your eyes, and i want you to know you keep runnin through my mind, girl. ... girl who recently when from drab to fab.  Glad you play for our team now. ... beautiful nigerian. I wish you would teach me your longboarding ways. ... you moved in last week to Senior Haus 3HC, few days after I moved in to the same floor .. I like the music you play, it's mostly in some foreign language. Idk what it is, but sounds very exotic to me:)  Will be visiting you soon, to meet in person.. Floormates should get to know each other.. you know;) ...guy in red wearing blue letters who offered me an umbrella.. you're cute!  hanging around, waiting for your summer to start. I like you more than a friend, even though I know you don't normally play in the same court and are involved. ... girl whose sorority got a house this year. I've had a crush on you for a while, but now I'm graduating. It was mutual but I'll never see you again; thank goodness, time to move on. ...cute guy from a small, south-eastern european country. I wonder if I'll ever see you again . . . .  brown-haired white guy leaving the student center holding a large fountain drink around 4:30PM two days ago. You looked somewhat familiar and we smiled at each other. I don't think we actually know each other, you just have a way of attracting my attention. We both went back to Laverde's to get more food. You were with a blonde girl though... I smiled at you again, laughing at how funny it was to be caught returning to laVerde's. I would like to meet you again; this time we should get fountain drinks together. ...person specifically but also people in general that do things to hurt others but don't even bother to apologize for your actions to those who you once called a friend. What you did was wrong but to not speak up about it and to let things go mute is worse.FYI&gt; ... guy I think I have a crush on.  Other than a few conversations, I know nothing else about you, and as scary as this sounds to me, I wouldn't mind putting my heart on the line and getting to know you better.  Just maybe.  But so many what ifs, and I'd hate to lose you if it turned out that you didn't feel the same way (and I became too embarrassed to talk to you again), already had a girlfriend, turned out to be gay, or just aren't interested in a relationship right now.  This is crazy. And stupid. You're miles and miles from here, and I should be doing work.  Small deets for those who'll ask. Not giving the course, but a rising senior.  Eccentric guy with a taste for music that suits him well. Strategic. A polyglot. Can't stand the cubicles, but I beg to differ.  Maybe this is just a phase, and it'll go away. Yeah. That's probs for the best... ... sizzling hot Maseeh-based Ethiopian chic who I have a crush on. I really don't know how best to approach you. Each time I see them badt curves, all I can think of is a day I can lay my hands on them... I just lack the balls to start such convo with you.  Hopelessly lost in lust. ...not kissing me. Is it so much to ask for when I've given you everything else? ... Crush of mine. At some point I thought you were interested and then it fizzled. It was hard deciding whether you weren't good at showing emotion or you just weren't interested. It was easier to go with the latter and move on. I've talked to friends and they said contradicting things.  Go after what you want or if he was into you he would...  Anyway it's summer now and I'm all over and you're elsewhere and I hope you have a great time! You make for a really good friend too so that's pretty good. I hope we stay cool! Nice handstands :) ... Tall dark and handsome. It's crazy how you've swept me off my feet. This is crazier than cocaine for breakfast. Yikes. ...senior girl. I feel like I should've done something more about our friendship. I just hope you know you're a great person, and I'm sure you'll do fantastic in life. ...rising senior who is in the same friend group. I am debating whether I admire you as a person or romantically like you. Its kind of weird to have this ongoing debate in my mind, even when I see you. ...girl in the bikini top and denim shorts, reading under the sun. I wanna spread you open like that book of yours. If you ever need help applying tanning oil or something, I'd be more than happy to offer a hand or two. ;) ... talking, talking, talking.. seems like you talk a lot, huh? :) ur still around.. i keep seeing you.. always very cheerful.. i admire ur life energy.. today, i saw u buying boxes from verdes.. i hope ur not leaving..  Just wanted to say, i really like your style, you always wear the cutest things.. i guess i'm kinda shy.. so i think that's all i'll say for now.. ... 6.002/6.003 TA. You were fucking AWESOME this year. You're a great teacher and on top of that you're a really cool person. I'd love to be friends but I don't really know how to make it happen. I hope we'll get a chance to hang out (in a non-class-related way) in the fall! ...leaving. And I'll miss you. ...  Slipping away from me. I feel like I didnt do enough crazy things didn't meet enough people, didnt have as much fun as I could have. I feel like I spent too much time studying, too much time sleeping, to much time doing the same old thing. ...not giving two shits about me. Thanks for never making me feel special regardless of how much I share with you. Unfortunately for me, you won't let it end. I want to knee you in the balls so you know how much you've hurt me. ...and I wish I had done something before the semester ended. We met once months ago, kissed and forgot, but recently, I've been thinking about you. You are cute, smart, down to earth, and great to talk to. We had many small talks since then and I never told you how I felt. Unfortunately, you won't be here during the summer, so let me get over it. I hope you have a good summer. ...My TA who I have an incredible crush on. Now the semester's over and I will never see you again :( ... 5.12 TA doing pull ups in the back of the room. You might have made me fail that test, but I'd be down for some summer schooling ;) I met you last semester, we had a lab and a class together.  I think you're stunning.  Your big black boots seem so powerful and mysterious, and quite attractive, and I complimented you on them one of the first times we talked.  Without taking all the fun of guessing out, and to satisfy those who clamor for deets, you're a year younger than me and in my same major.  We didn't have any classes together this semester, but I've seen you a few times.  I haven't made a move yet, but lately I've been bolder.  So if I see you before I leave, you can expect me to be more direct.  If not, you can count on it next year. ...  Dem Indian girls so hot. ...Ugly drawing of your beautiful visage, and someone who can't spell Schubert. But even the ugliest rendition of you is enough to incite the angels to clang clang clang their bells in your honor. If only you knew how much I adore you &lt;3 ...Mexican hottie in the Santa hat.  You looked a little grumpy leaving the exam...do you play for my team?  And if so, can I snuggle you better?  awesome 6.01 instructor! I almost wish I was 6-2 or 6-3 so that I could have you as my advisor. He was so awesome, down-to-earth and understanding of those who struggled in the class like me. We need more teachers and mentors like you around campus. You made me decide that maybe course 6 wasn't as bad as I'd thought. :) ...rejecting my calls and ignoring me.  We probably would've never worked, but thanks for pissing me off.  You made me feel like I had missed the cut, like I wasn't smart enough or good enough for you.  As it turns out, I'm really productive when I'm angry. ... keeping me more and more hooked over time, no matter how hard I try to resist. It was my brother that first got me stuck on you. At first I was skeptical, thinking, Why would anyone even try this? But, like all addictions, it slowly took a hold of me... keeping me enthralled no matter how hard I fought.  It's been over three years now and I honestly cannot quit. Doctor, you have no idea how excited I am for your 50th anniversary. ... hot 6.006 [head] TA.  I probably would have studied more if I'd been in your recitation ;)  and you smiled and you said hi, even though after all the hate that's been directed at me, I thought you were going to hate and scorn me like everyone else. Even if it was a mistake, it really made my day and I hope we can still be some sort of friends. ...All you super cute guys on campus. Even if you're straight, I can still stare and drool at your beauty :P Who are you? You are beautiful and emanate some kind of loveliness.   Not many people here have septum piercings.  Seeing you makes me happy.  surviving the hell for 4 years through thick and thin. The nightmare is over. Congrats! We did it!! *drops the mic... passes out* ... the desk worker at Macgregor. You are so. very. cute. , my lovely boyfriend. I want to say thank you because you changed my life - you may not know why, and here is why. I come from a different country, where the culture is very different. In the summer before I came to MIT, I watched the mandatory video about sexual harassment, and started becoming suspicious about what really happened to me throughout middle school. It was probably sexual harassment, I thought to myself. Later into the semester, it wasn't until a conversation that made me realize I was in fact raped. It was my father, and I was just in 7th or 8th grade. I know in my culture, it wasn't really a rape; I also know that for a long time, I had a hard time feeling comfortable sitting in a room with the majority of the room being men/boys. I didn't know why; now I do. It all makes sense. It's very very unfortunate.  However, as you became one of my best friends, it was also around the time I realized I was raped. I trusted you, and I told you what happened. You comforted me and said I'm not dirty or inferior as I thought. You said you were impressed with how strong I was.  Now we've been dating. At first I found it difficult for myself to cuddle with you, because there was always this shadow that was at the back of my head. But you were always there for me. You are gentle. You respect my mind and my body. You have always been that nice boy who tells me I love you. I have changed. I feel much more comfortable with physical contact with you, and I feel I'm back onto the track of being that happy self of me.  I didn't know how I would move on without too much difficulty without your support and love. As the Project dx/dt video came out, I sent a link to you, and wanted to say all of the above to you. It felt heavy, so I didn't find myself actually saying it. Now here it is.  To everybody at MIT, we are a community, and we should all support and love each other, just like in a big family. For an international student like me who came all the way half across the globe, I want to say without the support I have experienced at MIT, I couldn't have become the me I am today. For fellow survivors, I want to let you know you are not alone, and we are also more strong than people think.  Conner residents, seeing each other on isawyou and seeing people seeing each other on isawyou and NOT seeing each other see each other on isawyou...  I can't decide whether you all are adorable, or paranoid. But either way, you're amusing. I couldnt sleep yesterday, not because of finals, but because  in my dream ...I have fallen deeply since I saw and met you back in September ... but you already have someone else ... Ill still see you in my dreams and hopefully one day you'll be in my arms &lt;3 But for the moment, I see you across the table from me :) ...and I won't fight for our friendship anymore. This is my goodbye...  girl who sits in the middle section of 6-120 for a physics class.  Usually, you wear your hair up in a bun (and I mean, almost everyday). For the last couple of weeks, you've walked in with your hair down: holy. shit.  Your hair is gloriously curly and long. It looks beautiful! Why don't you wear it down more often? ...  You say you are happy for me but I catch you staring from time to time. Do you miss us? Why are you so confusing? ... everywhere. I hope you feel appreciated. I hope you know that I care for you. I hope you realize how sparklingly intelligent you are. I wish you could understand how insightful your questions are and I wish that you could appreciate how magnificent your enthusiasm for knowledge is. I wish I could share your curiosity.  I'm not sure if you'll figure out that this is about you. I'm sure you'll ask me whether I wrote this. But I hope - I hope for your sake - that you can find a way to dispel your doubts about your personal worth and understand how much you matter to me and to many others. You really do mean so much. Please understand that. ... CL. ... redhead in the blue dress walking down Amherst Alley at around 1:15pm.  You are absolutely rocking those boots today.  Damn ...MIT Medlinks. Your smiling faces made me feel happier this morning! :-) liked the lemon water too ... and normally this isn't true... But I wish I hadn't -.- Is it still considered walking in on someone when they left the door open in the first place? Close your damn door before you go about your business... And if someone spots you... At least have the decency to cover yourself up before you get up to close the door... You don't have much to show off anyway... ... hanging out with me the past couple days, first in a group and then individually. I didn't like you all that much when we first met while psetting a few months ago, but now that I've gotten to know you better my perceptions have totally changed. You're a really great person. I'm glad we're getting a lot closer, and it goes to show that first impressions can be totally wrong. And I hope all those signs I noticed that made me think you're into me are actually true! ...Christian girl blogger who brings up arguments about empirical evidence and facts while referring to the Bible to justify your points. ... hot dude with facial hair like Robert Downey Jr. I never have seen you before... I just wanted to say you're cute. Any chance you have a thing for blondes? ...I will not look for you and you 're a freshman in this advanced class. I 'm not even thinking about my feelings. ... Logs, you were amazing :) All of you guys are sooo attractive. Have my babies? Or rather just do me? ;) ... never knew how do I know if you are asian girl with you. You seem interested in Central Sq. You guys in towards him...How is posted I'll come to wonder how you know where you up. How do with your helmet with me. So many times in a much information you out. Any chance you just see someone you once. What the phone is super-confused. ... Indian underclassman who I met outside of Maseeh. Ever since then, I haven’t been able to focus on my finals. Any chance you’re not straight? ... Boy and girl offering everyone freshly baked cookies amidst our hardcore cramming. You guys put a smile on my face, thank you :) ...TA dressed up passing out exams. You made it pretty high on reddit. The sense of humor here is the saving grace of this school. Keep it up.  http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1emadg/at_mit_death_personally_passes_out_exams ... Girl with the conner 3 shirt and taller guy in Baker D around 11 am this morning. The lady at the cash register was busy wiping tables and you didn't even wait two seconds to see if she would come back to swipe your cards before you just snuck in. I wish I had the courage at the time to say something at the time. ...Mexican/Asian-looking pianist-mathematician. If you're not dating that lady friend of yours, I think I'll be swooping in soon, once balls are obtained. I heard you drying your hands in the restroom right next to our study room... You just kept drying and drying, it was quite annoying... But then you came out and ... You're cute... And forgiven :P ...girl printing stuff. I think you got a stapler from desk. You are very cute! are you single? ... light skinned girl with dark hair wearing the pink pants.  Both times you took my breath away. Thank you for being beautiful ... girl with the baggy sweatshirt and the pretty skirt and the short hair and the awesome feather earrings. you are so spunky and hilarious and have the most complex jokes and the best emails. i love your discordianism ... and you saw me too.  You should have kissed me.  Idiot. ... wearing a dress. simply stunning. lecture was a tad hard to pay attention to.  in a football jersey looking mighty fine. When can we get to know each other? ... letting me push you away because you are tired of trying to pull me in ... tall chemistry professor with the long, flowing, luscious hair. You're the only attractive chemistry professor here, and you're really quite impressive. I wish you taught classes, but I'd have been distracted if I took them. ...confusing the shit out of me &gt;.&lt; why can't you just tell me what you want... ...cute curly brown haired EC boy. I love your smile; it is so genuine. You are amazing. I am sad that summer is here, and I won't get to see you for awhile...... ... BG and your fiery hair. Any chance you're not straight? ... playing the piano part for the Piano Quartet No. 1 in G Minor, Opus 25 by Brahms. I was really impressed. ... Your eyes are gorgeous. Please just let me look into them every night. ... it took me a while to get over you. But I've found this incredible guy who treats me so wonderfully, and so much better. And even if he just wants to be friends, I'd hang out with him a million times over you. ...barely and I've heard that a guy will always make time and go out of his way to see someone he really cares about. I guess I know where I stand. ... my classmates of 21M.605.  It has been a really fun semester, and I enjoyed getting to know every one of you!  This was one of the few classes at MIT that I actually felt the presence of every person in the class, as opposed to the hundred-people lectures for my other classes.  I would really like to keep in touch with you, but realized that I don't know many of your last names, so I can't even friend you on Facebook.  :(  Well, I don't know if any of you read posts here.  If you happen to catch this post, send me a reply or an e-mail, and we'll keep in touch!  Thanks for a great semester!  nearly crash into me with your longboard. I thought you looked familiar, but I stared for a bit longer because you looked pretty. You were wearing a cute blue skirt and a BMW T-shirt. I wouldn't mind if you crashed into me again wearing a little less. ... cranberry and white chocolate cookies... I thought you were gone forever, that I'd never see you again. Will you stay with me during finals? ...love triangle. And it is damn confusing to all of us. ... beautiful man goddess. i love your facial hair and your glasses. you give the best hugs in the world. marry me? ...tall handsome guy doing handstands in the green room at 1:30a. Looking good! ...and him, walking in the rain.  You were holding hands, and I'll never be the same.  French bassoonist. You seem really nice. I wish I had gotten to know you, and I'm sad you are leaving ... tall, blonde crew girl who uses the cool telescope in class. You're so beautiful and friendly... Any chance you swing my way? ...8.02 grad TA. Is it bad that I have a huge crush on you? ...I was sitting on the round benches by 18. You're really pretty! I would've said Hi, but you disappeared too quickly. Hope your day's going well :-) ... grad student with light green eyes and an awesome 'stache. Who are you, and are you single? ... Jizz on row 2 seat 7 of 32-123. It was still shiny, just a couple of hours old. WHAT ON EARTH MADE YOU THINK IT WAS OK TO DO THAT AND NOT CLEAN UP AFTER YOURSELF? ...you were crossing Vassar toward Stata. You're very pretty!  PS - I'm not trying to connect; I'm taken. Just figured it might make you smile :-) ... printing a shit load of stuff. I needed one sheet and went to look for paper. I was unsuccessful, but you were pretty cute :) good luck on whatever it is required so much paper. ... My dearest McCormick Friends,  Y'all are fantastic - 'nuff said.  Thanks for being supportive. ...girl I met freshman year. We sort of glanced at each other several times. I feel like you want to say something to me, as if you need closure. You know, we only have a couple of weeks left at this place... yo te vi... chica guapa... nunca me cansare de despertarme alado tuyo y admirar tu belleza en la suave luz de la manhana. sujetarte en mis brazos y sentir tus suaves piernas encima mio me hace olvidarme del resto del mundo ... my boyfriend.  Or rather, I haven't seen you since spring break.  I can't wait for the semester to end so we can be together again. &lt;3 ... SJ, being the best ever. Thank you :) ...girl studying in those heels. Hot damn, you looked amazing, I had trouble focusing on my 6.004. I've never seen you before in Maseeh, and now I can't get that shy smile you gave me out of my head. I should have stopped to say hello.  cutie DJing in the striped shirt. Hiiii. :)  guy who hit on me as soon as I walked in but left way too early for me to do anything about it! Last night could've been fun... ...my amazing boyfriend, who's been there for me all through this godawful semester even though I know you really did not have the energy yourself. Just want you to see this and know that I love you and you are appreciated. I'm so lucky.  &lt;3  sitting across from me while I was working. I think you smiled back at me, but these days you never know. I hope to bump into you again, so I can actually talk to you. ... sending me texts full of racism and threats.  You're an awesome friend :P ... I didn't recognize you until I had already passed you, but by the time I turned back around you were already walking out the door. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that you. looked. amazing. ... concertmaster in MITSO. You're really beautiful, and so was your dress. I wish I had the courage to go introduce myself. ...being deliciously sexy and gorgeous all of the time, even without makeup...you're awesome, strong, and above all an amazing person! i totally love hanging out with you and we should do more of that before i graduate :))) I was on my bike and ...  You made my heart s.k.i.p ...you make me smile.  I'm probably annoying the hell out of you, but seeing your smiling face and hearing you assure me that everything is going to be okay has basically gotten me through this week. I hope a cute boy got the naked mysterysnap I sent last night.... ... blonde haired boy with an undercut. I always see you around campus but I have no idea who you are. You are often wearing jeans and boots. Who are you? I'd like to get to know you ...person that found my phone and then didn't get give it back when I asked if you had happened to find a phone that day. Not gonna lie, it was sorta fun to sit at the stud and watch the little dot on iCloud move around MIT's campus every time I made it play a sound. But I had 3 psets due at midnight and it was already well into the evening. Thanks for finally giving it to Anna's and wasting an hour and half of my life. , girl in the green tank top and black skirt.  You seem really into hot dogs... maybe you'd like to try mine?  Just kidding... but actually.  Are you single? ...beautiful girl in the blue polka dotted dress. You looked so lovely standing on your tiptoes to get a better look at the panel. I felt the urge to hold you by the waist and help you get a better view. I wanted to talk to you after the questions were over, but your two tall male friends always stood on either side of you, and you left with both of them. I've never seen you before, so I'm guessing you're not a sophomore, but I'd love to take you out. ...adorable math major doing her abstract algebra homework. I really wanted to brutally fuck you... ... Nigerian freshman boys. The five of you have your own aspect of unrestrained coolness. The unicyclist, baker boy, DU guy and masseh roommates... I'm messing this up. Ohh gosh... I see you all. ...cute library assistant at Rotch.  I checked out about thirty books on Paris and looked the slightest bit frazzled. I heard you...talking about your potential escapades. I wanted to scream and warn you not to go in that direction, but I am no authority in your life. I think sometimes women forget the potential for hurt and life-long pain and remorse that silly youthful decisions carry. I hope you see this, and I hope you don't do what you said you were considering. It would grieve me deeply to see another person hurt. *hugs* ... kissing me in the pouring rain last night. How can you be so perfect for me? Lyso :) O' baby, I'm smitten by your smile, Lemme be your satellite.. On darker nights, I'll sit by your side, And, By the day, I'm busy making the tide. Lyso. :)  friend. I don't get why you seem to have a negative view of yourself. You seem like such an awesome person. Outgoing, funny, caring, thoughtful, obviously smart, and just the right amount of nerd. Not sure what's going on with you, and maybe there are things I don't know that you're not willing to share, but cheer up, you're great. ...loud people.  WHY do you think that the dollar bill lounge is the place to have REALLY LOUD conversations with your besties? ...awesome 6.046 TA. You are always so incredibly helpful at Office Hours and you're really cute too! Thank you for everything! , and it's been a privilege getting to know you. I can honestly say that meeting you has brightened my mood. Who knew that someone as cool and as down to earth as you would cross my way?   I know you are emerging from some hard stuff...and I want to help you leave it all behind and see the world the way you used to! You have an amazing energy..whenever I see you happy, I can't help but smile. But somehow I feel like I'm screwing it up, bothering you with unwanted attention. I know these things take time but I can't help wanting to get close to you. I just hope I am not doing the opposite and pushing away. ... super-hot girl who tutors for Orlin's class  saw you meet up with somebody and then take the elevator down to the basement to tutor him  you're the hottest cheerleader at this school.... ...et je ne sais plus, je ne veux plus...  hot Indian guy. There aren't many Indian guys here taller than 6', so maybe you were visiting or something. Anyways, keep dressing well and making our hearts race. You are just incredibly talented! I see you in here all the time and I want to get to know you. Come talk to me.  - girl who comes to the mml half asian freshman i saw walking today on my way to class. you're really cute but should be careful. your white skirt was a little high today and dont think you want that type of attention. you seem too classy of a girl for that, at least i hope.  guy who was deadlifting all of the colorful plates...HOW DO YOU DO THAT? It looks so heavy. I'd love to see your bar outside the gym ;) , girl in the purple backpack, I see you here often. I wish I was that cup of coffee so you could wake up to me in the morning. Anyway, just wanted to tell you I always look forward to seeing you  frosh walk into all the sprinklers and get soaked. You seriously made my day with your laughing. It's good that you're able to laugh even though you fucked up pretty bad. ...really pretty girl with a maroon skirt. I've seen you around campus before, and I don't think you're a freshman. Just wanna say you're absolutely gorgeous and I love your style! ... thinking that graduating and moving far away will change your life and solve your loneliness. You still haven't figured it out.  eating yogurt at Maseeh usually wearing your ROTC uniform. Your deep, southern voice is like honey to my ears. I was sitting alone today, but maybe one day you'll join me. ...I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. You're a really great friend. I guess I'm just confused about how I feel, but I promise I will make it up to you. Blue eyed and beautiful, once again you were so impressive today.  You are so gifted!  I'm embarrassed at how taken I am with you.  I clam up every time--what am I twelve!?  I know I gave myself away long ago. It's just that, every day you're more gorgeous than the last. And seriously--where did you get those lips??  I would give much to have coffee with you, to sit across from you for an hour, two, three, and learn more and more about who you are.  Crazy I know.  But is it possible? ... sundresses.  keep it up, if you know what i mean , freshman ROTC with tanned skin and intermittent glasses, looking good in most all of my classes.  Any chance you're not straight? ... and now I can't stop thinking about you. We definitely made a connection and how I feel about you is scary. Sucks that you're a senior and I'm a freshman. But I hope our paths cross again. ... Eric the Stata breakfast guy.  You are the shining beacon of happiness and a positive outlook on life that the institute needs.  playing basketball in the Z center....hot damn. ... serving food. It didn't look great at first, as most free food doesn't, but you sounded so enthusiastic!  I'll be coming back each week just to see your smiling face :) ... and you've knocked me off my feet. What a whirlwind it's been. I never imagined that we would move out of the friend zone, but I'm so glad that we did. You are beautiful, fun, and so full of life. I'm happy that you were my friend and that now I can show you how much I care about you. ... cute couples/people who are happy in love. I'm genuinely happy for all of you, but also jealous :( I wish I could have even a little of what you do. ... I saw In a Relationship on your profile, and for a split second was so startled I jumped out of my chair. Then I realized I'm the one you're in a relationship with. You're all mineeeee :) ... and I want to continue to see you. I am sad we will be away from each other this summer. I just hope things work out so we can still be close next semester. ... and I still see you around. You are the one who ended the relationship. I don't want anything to do with you so why are you trying now that I am finally over you? ...red head from LCA. you're hot. ...Theta Asian greeting me when I was walking on Mass Ave. That took me by surprise because I'm not normally randomly greeted on the streets, so I didn't quite catch your face, but I feel like I recognize you from somewhere.  Anyway thanks a lot for that! ...acting like you're smarter than people of the past and now the entire discipline of nuclear energy for thinking an idea could work.  Your feigned (or real? geez I hope not) incredulity is obnoxious.  If you think your attitude is impressing anyone, it's not. You stole my black samsung laptop at Baker 6 East. 20 minutes later, you returned it at the exact spot you took it. But the truth is, I did see you returning my computer. If you confess right here and now, I will not look for you and I will not pursue you. But if you do not confess, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you. ... showing up late to class. I watch you graze by me on the way to your seat; tall, dark, and handsome. I think you're a freshman in this advanced class. I'm impressed.  walking to BC the other day in your cargo mint green shorts... do you live there? My perceptron tells me we have a connection; let me be your support vector machine? , so many talented performance groups around MIT with absolutely terrible lighting. You put so much time into your craft and wear beautiful outfits or costumes, but you still look like crap because all the lights are off.  Please just put like 5 minutes of thought into the lighting of your performance. Scope out the location before hand, figure out where the switches are and what they do, and maybe contact facilities or whatever if the lights are inaccessible. There's even a student group, E33, that does lighting for performances.  Photographers provide practically free publicity for your group by putting your performances in the newspaper, the yearbook, facebook, etc. We're usually even willing to give you copies of the photos if you ask us nicely. Make our lives easier and make yourselves look better by thinking about lighting.  old ESG friend. My biggest regret of last year was not keeping in contact/asking you out.  You seem really happy, I'm glad everything is working out for you.  redhead strutting around DU. You were with alot of guys and I wanted to be one of them. Too scared to talk to you, but I bet you would be a lot of fun.  being shady.  singing in the sparkly dress. Your solo was sexy. Who are you and why haven't I seen you before? ...freshman softball player. I've seen you around campus a couple times, you always stand out in a crowd. I think you live on Conner 3? You're cute :) ...my boyfriend's ex. I see you everywhere. I know you're a nice girl, we've almost become friends because of how often our paths cross. As cool as you are,I can't help but wish I didn't have to see you all the time. It keeps reminding me that you had him first, so I have big shoes to fill. ...Tall Paul today at Simmons. You looked so lonely. I wanted to go over and say hi but introducing myself to the famous Tall Paul seemed a little too intimidating.  As always, cute Logs outfit :) , yellow-shirted Toons hottie. I could listen to that sweet voice of yours all day... ... Sexy musicians playing Wagon Wheel with us at 2am. So wonderful. You guys are really awesome. To the person blasting music from Bexley...you're my hero. ... girl with the long flowing red dress. Damn you looked good!! I wish I had come up to you to say how gorgeous you looked, but you were surrounded by all your intimidating guy friends :P .. It was such a fun night..;)) And i wanna see u again soon! Ur very mysterious girl, i really dont know what's in ur mind.. But it'd be really great if I could see you again.. Give me a hint on what u want.. I have a hard time reading people's signs i guess.. And i really really don't wanna make it awkward.. So, please help me out miss! Also, u r so tempting that i just can't get my mind off this, like since we hung out that night.. ... douchey frat guys wearing shorts sitting toward the front of the theatre. You were guys were obnoxious jerks during the previews and then proceeded to leave a huge mess of popcorn on the floor around your seats. Have some respect for the people around you, you pricks. You saw me....crying on the Saferide today, and asked me what was wrong. Thanks for reaching out! I was just... having a weird day. lue-eyed beauty had you lingered let cool your tea you and I may have steeped ... sophomores with their brass rats!  gorgeous Asian sophomore in the sky blue dress at Masseh Front Desk. You're stunning. Congrats on getting your brass rat! I hope that we can chat a little in the near future. ... Freshman physics major living in Maseeh wearing a blue tank top. You are so sexy! ;) ... working hard. sometimes work is difficult. don't let it get you down :) :) :) ...cute brunette girl. You always look so upset walking back to your dorm........why? ...ROTC guy with short blond hair. You'd look like Hawkeye with a bit more muscle, no homo. ...and I'm realizing now that I do need to get over you,  I do....I just don't know how... ... Red-haired girl sitting outside the Green Building waiting for the police to clear out 54 -100... In case no one has ever told you, you're cute... ...forever taking advantage of me and not even thinking about my feelings. ... girl with the Wicked Witch of the East socks/flats combo. I'm not sure if you ever read isawyou, but I wanted you to know that I think you're really beautiful! I would tell you in person, but we've never spoken before and I don't want to make things awkward. ...cute Indian girl with red tips working in Hayden yesterday. Didn't realize how tiny you are until  walk by in the infinite today. Lol. I still think you have a gorgeous smile. How do you feel about tall guys? ... longboarder. I think you do CCC or cru. Come talk to me with your curly hair. :) There was so much I wanted to say to you but I ended up rambling on about something else boring instead. : ...on Facebook chat.  It's been ages since I logged on, and there you were.  Couldn't bring myself to say anything, but I still do think of you. ...dreamy guy with a white short sleeve and jeans, reading.  Those pecs and that face, mmmmm. hope you see this ;) ... neighbor pounding on my door at 3:00 am. What are you doing up at that hour? luck for him, I was awake playing my drums... :) Hey, little girl I wanna be your boyfriend Sweet little girl I wanna be your boyfriend Do you love me babe? What do you say? Do you love me babe? What can I say? Because I wanna be your boyfriend ... You don't look a thing like Jesus, ut you talk like a gentleman. Like I imagined, when I was young.  I love you my crazy handsome adorable crush. I know everyone's advice is to tell you once and for all... but I can't. Not because I'm a coward. Not because I don't like you enough. Not because I'm afraid you won't feel the same... It's much more complicated, going back to the values my family and community holds dear, and according to which I'm not even supposed to feel this way about you. Should I tell you? Should I forget what my parents would think and feel, and tell you I love you? And I do! I really think I do. Sometimes I try to lie to myself saying that I'm too young to truly be in love. But I know I am! It's not just some random crush I can forget when I don't see you for some time. I CANT FORGET YOU!!! Looking at you makes me happy, noticing you even from afar makes me happy. Happy in ways I could have never thought I could become just by looking at someone. I get butterflies, I become restless when you're near me, I force myself into not talking nonsense or going all weird when I'm close to you... Is this love? But then, what's love anyways...? I know I love you as a human being, and I know that I like you in the way a girl likes a boy. as more than just another human on the face of earth. but as someone particularly special... AHHHHHHH I don't even know anymore. It's going to be a long summer... I'll miss you so much! ...  Girl in the turquoise shirt, striped skirt, and matching water bottle.  I have never seen you before today, but we kept crossing paths so many times.  I haven't felt butterflies like that in years... ...cute guy with the dirty blonde hair watching Bob's Burgers on your laptop. I think Bob's Burgers is pretty awesome and it's likely that you are too. ... Eskimo buddy. I hope that igloo kept you nice and warm last night. ;) ...course 10 TAs. Are you just being friendly, or do you want more? I can't wait until the end of the semester to find out. ...Asian girl working on course 6 stuff with the Audio-Technica cans. You're cute. ...brunette at the color war having a blast on Saturday. I just want to say damn girl. , student on the red line around noon on Saturday. You had a brass rat, tortoise new wayfarers, a state championship jacket.  I was in khaki shorts, a sweater, and had headphones in.. I made eye contact and smiled at you but you dismissed me with those cruel, cruel eyes. ... asian girl in Centrifugues singing a solo.  You are beautiful and I love your voice.  If you looked up more you would've seen me smiling at you. ... being drunk at 4:43 in the afternoon and booty texting me. -.- What are you doing with your life? ...cute guy who shared the last cotton candy cone with me and took only one of my wafers in return. People like you make drinking from the firehose so much easier. Stay nice. =) ... My best friend :) and hilarious counterpart. Thanks for so much fun tonight! I've seen you around the last few years since I came back to MIT.. perhaps we were both '09 together.. I wonder if you remembe  I see you at the Z Center often - you've got long &amp; curly blonde hair you tie up, you're tan and never bring a water bottle.. you always take breaks to go to the water fountain.. you have awesome form when you lift.. you have brightly colored green/blue shoes just right for the workouts you do...  We may have been acquaintances years ago but let's get together outside of the Z.. outside of their normal operating hours ...guy I met in class this spring. You let me sit on your shoulders so I could see at the concert tonight - I always thought you seemed like a sweet guy. We should hang out sometime :) ...wow. You're stunning! ... Jon Snow lookalike.  I'd let you stick me with the pointy end. ;) ... cute asian senior. What's got you so down, beautiful? Chin up, you'll soon be living the dream in NYC. Maybe I'll finally ask you out after 4 years of just being friends and talking only at night because we're both nocturnal. Mostly though; I hope you find that smile of yours again. It lights up the room. ... cute Asian girl with the glasses and big smile posting comments at McCormick Dining. I had comments to make too, but they were all about how great you are. We should talk to each other more, and maybe you can make comments about me.  red head in only a golden speedo.  Truth is: I wanted to say yes when you asked if I wanted to play. ...obnoxiously cute couple frolicking in the courtyard Wednesday evening. Your love is so young and pure. I wonder what a couple more years of ihtfp will do to it. Best of luck to you. ... tall Asian guy dressed in a black suit and wearing roundish black sunglasses. Since you were at the memorial service, you must be a part of MIT somehow, but I couldn't tell whether you were grad or undergrad. I was impressed by how you (and many others) showed your respects by dressing up for the service. We sorta made eye contact first in front of the religious center (W11) while I was just joining the line. It's a shame we didn't actually get to talk to each other; I think I'd like to get to know you better.  Details for those who'll ask: pretty tall guy (at least 6' - if not more); shortish hair (vague, yeah I know); we left Briggs field from the same exit (the one leading into the street between MacGregor and Delta psi)  This could just be me shouting into the ISY darkness, but it's worth a shot. ... girl who pushed that guy face first into a bush. I can't help but wonder what he did to make you so mad... ... girl with the green hoodie pulling an allnighter in the reading room just to watch TV series? it's the 6 pm now and you're still here? I hope you went back from yesterday at least for a couple hours. I doubt it though since you haven't changed clothes. Are you okay!? ...cute blonde white girl. You were wearing chrome headphones :)  at the memorial service today, you were sitting behind me. I turned to put my jacket on the chair when I saw trying to hold your tears. I don't know you, I haven't met you before, but at that moment I just wanted to hug you and say it'll be ok, but I didn't, I'm sorry! I didn't see you... Bexley Laundry Faery, but thank you so much for drying my laundry! you're awesome. It's a challenge to get up every morning. I keep ruminating over whether I'll have another chance with you. I'm conflicted because I also want you to be finally happy now. I am praying that you have finally found your place with your new relationship...  However, I always eventually get up (although it might be late). I tell myself that it's time to stop thinking about you and time to start caring about me. I will overcome this depression! There is so much in the world to see and do! I am a great person and am lucky that I will always have me! ...around campus and I think you're really cute. Hope I run into you again sometime soon! long flowing brunette. your hair looked so lovely. it's just that, i'm no longer sure i can trust myself. I think you're in the Muses?  Your hair is even more vibrant than mine and it made me smile :) ...boy in a towel getting a key from desk. Damn. I hope you get locked out more often... :)  Heavyweight crew guy who can't seem to notice that this girl likes you.  You seem to like her too....  If that is true, make a move dude ...tall redhead walking out of Random.  You're cute. ... Woman crying at the Officer Collier Memorial. You reminded me that all of my academic problems are petty and how pedantic I am for putting such emotional value on my grades. I'm sorry that I didn't console you. ...librarian who gave me a hug when I started crying.  I have been a wreck for a week trying to figure out how there can be this much evil in the world and I had a meltdown in the library this afternoon after the moment of silence and human chain. It was too sad and too much to handle. Out of nowhere the librarian gave me a hug and assured me things were going to get better. It was a small gesture but it reminded me how much good is still out there even after all of the bad we just witnessed. If you read this - thank you. ... Cute brunette with curly hair who held the door open for me today at the student center. It was nice of you to do that. Little acts of kindness get me through the day. You have a really nice smile. It's a wonder why we haven't run into each other before. If there's a next time, I'll have to introduce myself. Have a good rest of the semester! , complete stranger- Thank you for helping me with my groceries when you saw me struggling and taking the time to ask me how I was handling the events of this past week. Your genuine concern was a welcome surprise and gives me hope for the weeks ahead.  guy I used to hang out with. We've known each other for a bit over a year now and I know that you're not interested, and that's cool with me, but we always had great conversations and there's no reason we can't still be friends. This whole not really talking to each other thing is weird. ... beautiful woman that did my hair. Can I please chill with you more?! ... obviously drunk couple all over each other stumbling back to your dorm at 3:30 in the morning. I wish I could un-see the groping. Where are you coming from that you weren't in a room already?! ...cute frat boy who smiled at me across the room. I went over to look for you and you had disappeared. I hope our paths cross again. ...beautiful man in the blue sweater.  Don't waste your time with the freshman when there is a senior looking to score a home run. I know you don't come here often, but I do, so come find me when you are ready for the major league. ...fiery redhead with a green box expressing your feelings at the drop of a hat. I just want you to know, you're more than the woman I love...you're my best friend. ...  Boy Number One: You were to be Perfect for me And then by the pool I tried to act cool Nearly in tears Tried to explain Why I didn’t act sane But you said You were late to class  Boy Number Two: I am dismayed About how I delayed To ask you for coffee or tea Be that as it may I really do pray That she makes you happy  Boy Number Three: You’re a mystery Is there a boy, out there for me? ... Harvard girl, expressing your concern for me after the MIT shooting reports went out. If only we could talk more often than that. :) ... Tourists? Large groups of slow moving people who don't understand fluid dynamics. You see me running down the hallway, yet you make no effort to de-clump or walk any faster. The Asian ones are especially bad. Is this some sort of ethnic barrier?? Why do you all come here, go on super boring tours and take pictures of plaques that I've never even read in my 4 years here? What's so exciting about a classroom? or an old poster with a chinese person on it? Why do every single one of you need to squat on the ground to take a picture of the dome skylight, when a google image search brings up hundreds of the exact same photos, most of which are better quality. I understand prospective students visiting... Typically those aren't too annoying, especially if you glare at them enough, but why tour groups? what's their business here? ...working on your robot. Good luck with the pump! I like your new backpack. ... in the court yard. This moment particularly made me regret intentionally scaring you off. I naively thought we could be friends after that. I missed out out on much more of an opportunity than you did. ...blonde girl and and dark haired guy on top of number 6. Get a room. All of MacGregor can see you. ... heroic MIT police officer giving your life to protect everyone on campus from a crazed gunman. Your service will never be forgotten and I hope that you rest in peace. It is in the most troubling times that both the greatest evil and the greatest good in humans are revealed, and I am so thankful that we have such valorous men and women protecting us in these times of tragedy.  and your knowledge of where to get cold brewed iced coffee. Way cool. Cute too.  tall guy who set off the door alarm and pulled the fire alarm to turn it off. Classic. ...blonde boy leaving the 8.02 exam after just writing your name. I wondered why you seemed confident before the test; now we know. The proctors were so confused. , without the fire in your life.  What happened?  Where did the excitement, the passion, go?  Why does nothing excite you anymore?  You've become to complacent, the very thing you purport to hate.  You get pretty good grades, you aren't crushed with schoolwork, you're in good shape and work out a lot, you have a summer job, you have a girlfriend.  What reason have you to be anything but happy?  Even your closest friends have noticed that you aren't the same.  They aren't going to want to hang out with you if you're just a blank wall.  I know you said if your inner fire went out, your existence would be meaningless.  Well, you're not ready for that yet.  , me, trying to kick myself in the ass before it all falls apart. ... one of my dearest friends and Course 3 pset buddy. You're the person I love hanging out with.. especially when it's 4AM and we have lab reports due. We can always have a good time together and I just wanted you to know that you are amazing and i'm so glad i know you :)  boy at the 8.02 test. You were drawing currents on a chair giving a pep-talk before the test. I felt so ready afterwards, too bad you were too cute for me to focus... ... Asian girl bouncing a lacrosse ball against the Z center. You look cute from the back. ... Adorable Stata couple.  Running around late at night holding hands in G5 and snuggling in the corners.  I'd tell you to get a room, but you're too adorable.  Enjoy whatever paper-folding project you're working on, and I hope you get some late-night origami of another form later.  ;) , my pillow, being the only comforting thing in my life. I haven't felt like leaving my bed since Tuesday. Now my inbox is full of unread emails about psets I haven't done and project groups I've screwed over, and I don't have any BS excuses left to use. Fuck my lazy fucking head.  twice today, blond boy. The second time was when  you were encouraging bone marrow registration and I was heading across the bridge. You're cute. ...girl in the 2016 sweater taking handwritten notes using your trackpad. That's dedication. Also, you're really cute.  girl with the black hair and enjoys her yoga pants in 8.02. Really the randomest of guys but I think you're pretty cute. Found out you like football, maybe I might start playing for the MIT team. Keep asking those your cute questions during class. , Mocha Moves...you're all amazing. but for some reason couldn't keep my eyes off of the '15 brunette. just thought you should know, I think you're beautiful :) ...MIT Baseball Coach (just graduated)....You looked so salty!  Are you a hipster? Heya, I accidentally chipped off your reflector from the bike-seat. I taped my phone # to the lock, but just in case the wind blew it off, well, here I am.  gotta respect people's property yo Pretty redhead in the back corner. I'm not available, but I still think you're beautiful. ...beautiful blonde girl laughing her head off in the Baker lobby. Your originally intimidating stand-offish demeanor decreased greatly when you let your smile take over your perfect face and I felt the whole room light up. Also you looked very good in your yoga pants. I think you're a freshman and have seen you out a lot...next time I see you hopefully I won't be so tongue tied and will be able to talk to you. Maybe approach me? ... my boy. I can't even process that next year I will have to get through MIT without you :(  PKT being awesome and helping out all the runners and watchers. Much respect &lt;3 ... Cute girl with the Russian heritage.  I enjoyed our conversation.  Maybe you'll make it into the dorm you want sooner than later! ... ... ... Tall beautiful Wellesley brunette who disappeared for a year or so, but is now back and everywhere. Glad to see your beautiful eyes and contagious smile on campus again. ...girl from BC on the shuttle around midnight on Sunday. you had 2 bags and a blue mat. I have seen you around a few times but haven't had the chance to talk to you.You are very pretty. Who are you? ... couple making out and snuggling everywhere, like during class and dinner and everything.. i'm tired of seeing you.. it's not even nice.. i hate when people try so hard like this to show off lol ... I always overhear guys gossiping.. So I know that they gossip like hell all the time.. But this time, I was like, wow! like wth?! What's wrong with you? Why the hell do you even care this much about other people's shit? Go do your own thing.. , everyone. Since I came to MIT every day I hate everyone around me more and more and everything either seems dull or obnoxious. What is happening to me? ... really cute prefrosh I chilled with.  Damn, I hope we hang out next year. ... EC HOTties.  Take me for a spin sometime? ...senior. I just wish I had asked you out. Now it is too late. Low self esteem really is a problem. ... bleak basement hallways of MIT. I love your industrial grunge, the hum of your machine rooms, the piles of abandoned cruft in the corners and puddles of mysterious liquids oozing from under doors. I love the way I can disappear for days in your windowless labyrinth.  When I was a prefrosh, the starkness nearly scared me away, but now I've become so attached to it, I don't want to imagine ever leaving this place. ... my beautiful blue-eyed girl. I'm sorry you decided I wasn't smart enough for you. Normally I'd say you shouldn't be so picky, but you're a hot girl at a tech school - if you really want someone who is almost exactly like [me] but more of a programmer, then I'm sure you'll find what you're looking for. (Maybe you already have your eye on someone...?)  Just because I'm not 6, 8 or 18 doesn't mean I don't go to the same MIT as you, by the way. Asian senior, we had lab together. I had a girlfriend then, I'm single now. Are you? ...CK counselor. I've been running into you a lot lately and my heart smiles every time I see you. I wonder if you feel the same way... ..., sexy sophomore Bexley lady. Shit, I want to get you naked but I don't know how to go about doing that. ...riding your bike leaving the Koch building. You're one of the few indian undergrad guys I've met studying a bio related major. I wish we talked more than we do...I love your sarcastic humorous comments  Mexican without your blonde girlfriend. You seemed so sad without her. Maybe I can get into the action when she returns? ...the 18/6 senior in next house that I have tremendous respect for. We have talked several times, but nothing has ever worked out between us. It's at the point where I can't even bring it up anymore. I know that you don't like me, yet I just want to say you don't know how sexy you are to me and that I keep wishing to be with you, even if it is just for one time! C'est tout! ...  Beautiful mermaids and...  handsome mermen ;) you wondrous scions of the ocean blue. ... three cuties jogging down Vassar a couple of days ago. :-) ...adorable asian dude with the red-tipped hair.  You kept looking around and smiling and I don't know why, but I think you smiled at me too!  It brightened my day a little, so thanks! ... on wednesday night taking the saferide to tang and wearing a beanie. you are cute, but i have a boyfriend. ...or rather I see her. Walking out of the room at odd hours on weekends...who is she? ... gorgeous brunette carrying a CPW booklet, with that unmistakably prefrosh glint of eminent hope tempered with a sense of the overwhelming in your eyes. Come to MIT! Oh my god, you. I see you at rehearsal every week. Sometimes I turn my head and catch you staring at me. I mean, yeah. You're cute. But there are cute girls everywhere.  The thing is, you are definitely not even my usual type. And yet I don't know, something about you... is so attractive. ...during IAP, and you slept over my room, but we didnt do anything cuz we were both tired. I bumped into you every now and then, but our encounters are usually short. I know you are attracted to me, and so am I, but we have to play this stupid game and won't admit it to each other. Last time you texted me but I ignored you. And then when I texted you last week, you ignored me. Why do we play this dumb game? I am graduating soon and if you care at all, just talk to me. ...and your so sexy ... closing...  It's been a good run. ...attractive friend of my hallmate. You come over every now and then to study in the next room. I want to say hi, but I can't build up the courage to. I sincerely want to get to know you better, but I don't know how. Do you even play in my court? ...  MIT. Anyone else ever wonder if any of these posts are about them? I'd be pretty easy to describe because there are but 7 and a half black people on this campus, 2 of them female, so I know the posts aren't about me, but a girl can dream. ... friend I asked out. You're cute and all but if I knew it would be this awkward I would have kept my mouth shut. Yikes. , phi delts '14. i think you're the president? i dream of nuzzling into your luscious dark skin  not sure if you play for my team though : ... group of 6-8 younger teenage kids yelling in Spanish and riding quickly away from the bldg. 26 bike racks on suspiciously large bikes. Keep an eye out for these kids, I think they might be stealing bikes. ...annoying fucks who talk during the whole lecture. If you guys are so damn smart and don't need to pay attention, get the fuck out so other people can learn. ... I keep seeing you.. You're everywhere.. You know everyone.. I don't know how to approach you.. I just hate how popular you are.. I wish you could just be mine..only mine.. ... hot LCA lacrosse player walking out to your game today. I know we made eye contact so I hope you got the same butterflies I did. ... hanging around, leaning in towards me, always picking seats across from me or next to me. I don't want to be mean. I like you... as a friend. But I don't enjoy this extra attention. ...wearing a cream colored MIT physics shirt.  I know you haven't solved the three body problem yet, but I'm pretty good at the two body problem. ... playing with your pet rat during all of lecture. What the actual f...? ...but now I haven't seen you in over a week. Do you know that you're the dreamiest grad student in our department (Course 11)? i saw you sitting on the train, i saw you come in, no - that's not true -- i didn't see you come in --  i saw you sitting on the train, your beautiful eyes, your beautiful nose, oh your nodes!  his eyelashes are so long, i thought he is so hot, i thought  what a perfect person  what a cutiepie!!  oh blue fleece guy, i wish i winked at you, i mean, eally, eally, winked at you, ecause of you, winked at your face, about your long eyes, your perfect profile,  your black hai oh your brown skin  oh blue fleece guy, your blue fleece is too big, your shoes are too white,  i love you so much  my heart began to beat so fast, that i could've used that heart beat app on my phone, to measure my heart beat.  oh how i long for you!  i play this game on the T, on the red line, which i take to work every day, the game is called who's the hottest person on the T today? every day i grow more and more desolate, knowing i am winning my own game, the hottest person on the T today...is me.  these problems make me sadder and sadder, until today, i saw you and felt gladder and gladder. i saw you looking at me, probably, you were playing my game, probably, you were wondering who was hotter, probably, it was between you and me,  probably.  oh man, i wanna hold your hand, i wanna hold your lips, i love your face, i love your body, i hope you find me,  i hope you find me~ Our eyes met today and I wasn't sure if you were glancing at me. Or just catching me glancing at you. Blunder. Eyes to you like a magnet the whole hour.  You're very pretty. And your strong voice and personality, so fun, attractive. And, I'm not usually all bout that thin but girl you do it well, and with such proportions all round.  Exquisite! Is it true you're a freshman? No way that's possible. I can't focus in class, damn it.  After 10 minutes...the class is empty, and it's just you and me and I'm coming up with all kinds of great conversation while appreciating the way your hair contrasts your skin and then shit! did he just call my name? Blunder. Focus man what's wrong with me.  I feel pretty dumb for being attracted to you so. You know. Now we covered it. My bad on that.  You're quite beautiful though and I leave it at that. ...you made me feel so alive and amazing on saturday night. You make my life happier. Thanks molly, you know who you are ;) , 18.02 freshman, practicing your choral music before lecture today. Your voice is gorgeous! ... get on the bus, and I can't get over the movement you walked in. It just happened so fast. I could just look at you, and smile and just laugh. It's been a little rough for me, but whenever I run into you, I can't help smiling for the next two-three days. It's weird really. So, now I just walk routes on campus hoping to run into you, and just that makes me happy, I don't know why. :) I can't believe I'm doing this. Probabilistically, it makes no sense.  near the food counters in the Stata center (near the bathrooms).  You're an LA for one of my classes, and  smile at me.  I have to say, the feeling is mutual..  You're very cute..  I'm in an interesting situation here.  I want to make a move, but something tells me I shouldn't. , people having mediocre days, just walking to wherever you want to go. Here's a really controversial proposal: I want you to smile at random people.  It makes a big difference in my day any time somebody I don't know smiles at me. It's just great to see that somebody I don't know is happy to see me, that my existence makes their day slightly better... and there's an easy fix! Just walk down the infinite, and try smiling at 5 people you don't know. Make eye contact, don't shy away, look them in the eye, and show that you're happy.  It's so easy to make the world a better place. Hope you're all having a good mini-spring! i saw you... alluring C2 freshman. I wish I had the guts to make my move in class; you have thick, beautiful, sun-kissed hair, a genuinely happy smile, a fucking sexy gymnast's body, and the brightest eyes. You are probably one of the smartest students in class, yet you seem to be so carefree and fun. I accidentally bumped into you once (I'm sorry if my chest hurt you (although I think our height difference is cute)) but you laughed so effortlessly, not taking yourself too seriously and making a teasing, clever joke. God you move so gracefully. I didn't respond back with a witty comment; I was too enraptured by how incredibly amazing you smelled. You make my imagination run wild.  I doubt you know who I am (you don't realize it, but I catch a lot of other boys staring at you in class), but if I ever get the chance I'd like to wrap my arms around you and not let go. ... guy with the beanie who made eye contact with me. You were cute and your smile made my heart skip a beat. Why is this the first time I've seen you? ... Guy recounting his most recent experience with random gay sex over the phone. I don't mind you talking on the cell-phone next to me while I try to study. I don't care that you're gay. But PLEASE I beg of you, stop talking about how awkward certain sexual positions were for you. I don't want to hear this. ...waiting on your bike to cross Mass Ave at 4:36PM today.  I was on a bus passing by, and it struck me how much you looked like Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock (less alien, though just as good looking) with your long curly dark hair and black coat (with blue shirt or something underneath).  Thanks for the afternoon eye candy. , couples around MIT. How often do you guys have time to have sex? ...  cute asian guy at phi delt. are you a brother? it was my first time partying at the house but now i know where i will be going on the weekends :D ...common courtesy. Seems like a lot of you left yours outside before 1PM 18.03 lecture today.  Please bring it with you next time. Especially the blonde from senior house that wore a beanie and her friend in the purple shirt. , turkish girl who always seems to be working out when I'm around. I am always thinking of a good conversation opener, but can never come up with a goo one. You're pretty and I wish we could become friends. :)  hot lax guy talking to some dumb blonde freshman at like 3am saturday. Pretty sure you aren't dating, but damn you kissed her enough. Why do you only notice this bitch but not sweet little me? I'm way better for you.  people at Deli Haus. It wasn't like any of the parties I've been to before at MIT and it made me kind of wish that I could participate the way the residents were. Also the band was kick ass. That video was hot ...sitting there on your own, carelessly leaning against the wall. Black like the night,you have an average sized frame but that't about the only average thing about you. Your long, slender, sexy parts make me all fuzzy inside. The mere sight of you ignites my most primitive instincts; I want to oil you up and just ride you all night. I would be gentle as your wheels are thin and delicate. And if I should choose to stop for a coffee, I would take you in with me, free of the chains that society has chosen for your kind. ... intriguing, hot Asian guy working away at one of the large, group tables at 3am on Monday morning.  You had a red/black sweater on and have this intense, tough look about you.  I was too frickin' tired to make conversation at the time, but hopefully one of these days.  Any chance you're single and willing to meet new people? WHY ARE YOU SO FUCKING SEXY AND IRRESISTIBLE, you senior haus kids? I love you all, Deli Haus was the best it's ever been. sport death ... being your amazing self.  You help me with math sometimes, but I feel like I'm wasting your time.  I wish I could work up the courage to ask you to do something with me, but many before me have tried and failed.  C'est la vie.  overhear me talking about how your fraternity was the weird fraternity, and I would like to apologize.  I immediately followed up my comment by saying I didn't really know anyone in your fraternity and realized that my earlier comment was unjustified, rude, and hurtful.  I apologize for the hurt that I may have caused and I hope I can get to know you and your brothers better so that I can better understand what makes you special as a greek organization.  My behavior was unclassy and I hope you do not take it as a reflection of the rest of my sorority. , TI-69, putting the semen in basement. Rock on man. I was in a class with you all of last year, but I couldn't do more than write a few hesitating emails and approach you for a coffee that never happened. After losing my shot then, I didn't think I'd ever have another chance to be around you. I didn't forget you despite that. Six months passed, and I was rewarded by some twisted piece of luck that put you in class with me again this term. I knew telling you how I feel would be awkward at this point, but I'm happy just seeing you everyday and sitting next to you at times. If only this didn't have to end with this term. , MIT TEDx speakers.  You guys did an amazing job... keep up the great work! ... Indian/Pakistani grad student. You were my 6.005 TA last semester.  in 66 around 5 pm. We should hang out sometime... ...psetting with me. I have such a goddamn dumb crush on you. And also on your girlfriend. Whoops? ... hot Korean dude.  We should talk. , tall kid in the brown hoodie with red MIT letters. you were tall and cute ;) i've never seen you before! , girl in the American flag one-piece. You were the best looking waitress all night and I wish I'd told you that. ... or rather I heard you. Softball fan honking their car horn every few seconds for almost an hour... as I was trying to catch up on sleep. Was there something wrong with your car? If not, why? Just why? ...girl at Toscanini's Saturday night. I've seen you around the infinite, and I could feel my heart beating faster as you squeezed by my table to rejoin your friends. Hopefully I'll see you around, beautiful. While shopping with my female friend, ...blond guy with white scarf and amazing blonde scruff/beard. Maybe we can grab something to eat next time instead of having decide between frozen food? Hopefully I'll get to strike up a conversation next time instead of thinking what-if! ...cute Asian girl. You were wearing a grey sweater, boots, and a bright blue jacket. You rocked that outfit today! I've seen you around, and you have such a gorgeous smile. Any chance you're available?  brunette crossing mass ave. You had a burgundy MIT sweater and a pink headband and looked really pretty. If I didn't act like Raj from Big Bang Theory around girls, I would have totally said something to you. I don't care if you sing in the shower. I don't care if your singing voice sucks. But I do care when you do it when I'm sleeping at 9a.m. Ugg. ... 6.01 students complaining about circuits, then wondering why anyone would enjoy circuits, and concluding that that's why nobody majors in 6-1. I major in 6-1 and I enjoy circuits! There aren't many of us but we're a proud bunch, and I feel slighted when a 6-3 or 6-2 takes a dump on our end of EECS. So, try not to perpetuate the CS Snobbery that I feel so often. EE and CS are in the same department because we have more in common than you think. Thanks - now let's go debug! ...stupid bitch. .. I have always had a crush on you, but the other day I saw another ISY post about your and your cactus. I guess there's competition; time to make a move ...tall, brunette, sophomore girl who's always smiling.  Whenever I see you in the infinite, you're usually walking the other way, smiling, with your ear buds in.  The only other times I see you are in Maseeh dining talking to the workers.  We talked once at breakfast, but I'm not sure you remember me because we were with other people.  I would try to approach/sit with you again but your table is almost always full.  I wish I knew what makes you so happy all the time...care to spread the joy? , all my old guy friends who won't speak to me anymore. Whether you like me but I dated someone else, or you just think I'm dating someone else, or whether we actually dated and broke up, seriously, stop giving me the cold shoulder. Whatever it is, just talk to me about it - it's NOT worth losing a good friend over! ... Asian girl sitting a table away from me. You were sitting with your friend working on your laptop a I was working on mine. You kept looking in my direction every few minutes. Even when I was sitting alone. I even smiled at you once.  I hope that you were doing more than staring off into space while thinking or contemplating the microwave behind me. Next time you see me, you can come up to me and say hi ;) ...french speaking Bexley boy with the glasses and reddish hair being all cute in Canada. #canada4lyfe , Guy who I keep on catching as you stare at me/my general direction these past Tuesday/Thursday mornings... I don't know why this keeps on happening but you should talk to me. ....I'm pretty friendly ;) ...person who let me cut them in line in the morning. I don't remember if I thanked you but you saved me some time getting to class :) ... SG of Senior Haus. Are you single? ...Cute guy in badminton class.  We should try playing on the same court next time. I caught only the shadow of your hair as it disappeared around the corner of the Reading Room. I smiled a sad smile and sighed, letting my eyes drift down to the empty floor where you had been only seconds before. Then I stopped. Somebody had taken a dump on the floor. What the hell. Never talk to me.  at the Z center. We left at the same time. I opened the first door and you said Thank you. You opened the second door and I said Thanks. You closed your backpack. I fixed my pockets. We walked towards the exit. You opened the last door.  You took the #1 towards Boston. I took the #1 towards Harvard.  If I spot you again, I'll do more than opening a door for you--but in the meantime, I want to open this door to you as well. ... hot foreign freshman who lives in Senior Haus but always eats in Maseeh. I see you everywhere. Are you single? ... making eye contact with me. I see you all over the place and every time we are in the same room or pass each other in the hallway we always make eye contact for a few seconds... I can't tell if it's friendly or if it's coincidental or if it's hostile... but honestly, I don't really care because I happen to think you are absolutely beautiful. Perhaps someday we will do more than just look at each other... ... you gave me a compliment last semester... I have seen you looking at me when I pass by... why don't you talk to me?  tall frosh. We've been in terrascope together all year long and I was hoping we might connect in the desert, but you didn't show. It was pretty dry without you. Hopefully we can get up to making an oasis later. I've been thinking your cactus could use some moisture. ...6.01 grad student instructor with the glasses. I think you're really attractive in a Clark Kent kinda way. Any chance you're down to date an undergrad? ...Beyonce look alike running on the treadmill at the z. Your legs are long and toned, your waist is tiny, and your curves are unbelievable. I need to get on your workout routine! ...guy who walked into the gym wearing flip flops, sat down on the flat bench, played a game on your phone for half an hour, and left. Bro you don't even lift. ... and I told you I didn't love you like that. I lied.  I do love you. Like that. ... Sir Shrimp. I don't know your name and we barely conversed, but our discussion of stir fry at today's Shrimp Stir Fry station in Maseeh dining was enthralling. Dare I say, I was ENGROSSED in our conversation. You know how to light my fire... all that talk about shrimp....   Lol, seriously, I don't know who you are, but you were cute. ;) By chance you single? It was about 8pm and you ordered veggies without shrimp then the guy harassed you when you later asked for shrimp. (I've never typed that word so many times in one letter.) I was wearing the white coat and referenced Forest Gump. I'd love to grab coffee with you and perhaps make that topic as hilarious as choosing dinner was tonight. :) I see you... people everywhere with your close friends, hanging out, talking about life. I wish I had close friends at this school. ...  cute Maseeh Basement SK girl. I see you watching your Dragon Ball videos. I want to be your super saiyan. ;) ... in that naughty catholic schoolgirl outfit.  can i get in that red argyle skirt you're wearing sometime? ... my beautiful girlfriend =) ... p-sets, getting harder and harder with each semester. My life getting sucked more and more by credits.  Is it even worth it? I'd rather join the army, a circus, or become a baker. ... graduate students. How do I meet you? ...  Cute cardio bunny on the treadmill today. I wanted to walk over and say hi, but didn't really know how to randomly stop you in your workout and start talking. ...gorgeous boy. i am deeply infatuated i can't stop thinking about you. i love your glasses, your smile, your hair, your eyes, your taste. i want to go on a road trip with you, listen to your music, watch you build cool little things in summer breeze. i cant have you right now and it is a terrible feeling. i know you won't see this because i don't think you read isawyou, but i just want the world to know, i guess. ...becoming my friend over the past few weeks. I'm not really what sure what's prompting your sudden interest in talking to me, but you make me smile. I hope you stick around. ...guys in frats. Is it weird to rush sophomore year?  girl. What big eyes you have...what full lips you have...you sure are looking good, you're everything a big, bad wolf could want.  guys and your pictures of spring break. So many people going to Europe, Florida, Cancun, etc... and I'm working away to pay my bills. I can't help but be a little jealous. Someday... ...people psetting/on their laptops/not practicing in music classrooms. There aren't that many good pianos around, and it's kind of inconsiderate to take the rooms when other people might want to use them for their intended purpose. And yes, I could go in and ask you to leave, but technically I can't do this if I don't have the room reserved and you'll probably claim you were just taking a break from practicing and/or are about to use the piano anyway.  There are libraries and other empty classrooms all over campus; you should exercise some courtesy and use those instead. ...  What is it with you? You defriended me... wtf? we start off cool, I would always say hi when we saw each other walking by. one time, two times you stopped greeting, so... so did I... I thought maybe you didn't want me to greet you... I mean, how the hell am i supposed to know what goes through that mind of yours. And now you even defriend me. Ugh, I guess you thought I was being un-friendly... Seriously though... It shouldn't be a big deal I guess, after all we never got to be close. I did like you at some point so, it kind of feels weird. Really.............. ... whistling on the bench around 6-6:30PM. I remember walking down the hall and just hearing this noise....I thought it was a theremin at first, but sure enough it was you.  I'm sorry that you had to catch me staring like that....you're pretty cute, think you could teach me how to whistle like that? I'm really glad that only one dorm is open for dining during the break because seeing you makes my heart skip a beat.  ...  I want to introduce myself to you, but I get the vibe that you're not up for meeting new people. If we ever make eye contact and you smile back, I'll definitely say hi. ...Two weeks ago, on Thursday. Complete stranger wearing what I suppose to be a Washington Nationals cap backwards. You were walking and talking with a woman. Next time, I'll come and talk to you with my best French accent. Beware..! ... looking sad when you talked about people you loved.  I wonder about your past.  The way you talk makes me think you have seen much and endured much.  You seem wise and sage--but not weathered.  There's something about that glimmer in your eyes; you seem to know that no matter what, you're right where you belong.  I wish I had that kind of faith.  You live with a kind of love, towards the people around you, the things you're doing, the things you're learning.  You are one of the few people who makes me believe, really believe, that every day is sacred.  I want to give you a hug. ...guy on the wormhole screen wearing the MIT shirt over at Stanford.  You were eating lunch around 6 p.m. MIT time while I was talking to my brother on my phone off-screen.  I kind of wanted to go say hi to you, buuuut I didn't.  Is it too late to say hi now?/Why are you at Stanford during the semester if you're an MIT student? .. Course 6 girl dressed up as Lulu from League of Legends. Your hand made costume was absolutely amazing! How do you make such awesome costumes!? ...pretty redhead in my class.  I've seen you around Maseeh sometimes.  I heard you telling your friend that you're single now.  Maybe you'll give me a chance? ... Super hot couple in Barker 24-hour study space on Sunday morning.  Daaaanggg  girl, you're really lucky to be able to tap that every night... , hottie with the body, the one and only. Also he has a big penis. Hit me up gurlll ;) ...being spectacular last week. i've tried to not think about you. but I am so intrigued by you. is your hair blonde or brown? your eyes seem brown then blue then i realize i need my glasses. your voice is lovely, you're unbelievably gorgeous, you have a figure and legs so perfect i keep looking  just to be sure, you move your body in ways i couldn't come up with if i was drunk, and i love those dimples that seem to be stuck to the ends of your lips in the cutest way. you might be the perfect manifestation of elegant badass femininity. but i know nothing about you but where you are from. and i think i creep you out.  are my glances that obvious, and myself that...yeah, i guess i get it. ... three weird squares with circle holes above lobby 7 entrance. what are you for? who put you there?? why are you so ugly?? ... cute keyboard player. Are you always that good with your fingers? ... Attractive actors and actresses of Julius Caesar.  Damn. Et tu, Brute?  You were stunning. ... free Dunkin' Donuts bag. It isn't often that I'm around you during the small window of time before somebody else takes you away.  Naturally, I run to LaVerde's to grab a small bag for myself and ask the cashiers for their requests. Chocolate donuts and blueberry muffins. One of them stops working and comes with me on the donut run. We briskly head back to find a fat man walking away with the entire bag. Literally 150 donuts/muffins in a bag, and he tries to take them all.  Hey man with the bag of donuts! Could you share a few? I shout.  He ignores me and continues to slowly waddle away. Restraining my rage, I purposefully walk up to the man and gently tug on the bag asking him to set it down so I can grab a few pasties for my friends. He turns around and mumbles a bit. I can't understand him, I just see his chubby cheeks flushing.  Are there any chocolate donuts?  No response. The corpulent being just looked at me with a combination of anxiety and disdain as I threatened to take his dinner. He slightly lowers the bag, but still grips on to the handle, making it exceedingly difficult to see what is inside. My cashier buddy manages to grab a a blueberry muffin and a few glazed donuts before the man mumbles again over the awkward situation and continues to walk away. As he wobbled towards the exit I give him a few parting words, and he disappeared forever. Sadly, the forage for chocolate donuts was a bust.  In order to get that donut for my friend, I will be camping out by the free Dunkin Donuts table at least once over this spring break. Then I'll make sure to stay the entire evening until I find someone with the gall to try and take the whole bag. I don't know what I'll do quite yet when that happens, but I'll think of something.  Until next time,  -The Dunkin Donuts Defende ...dancing ... ask for entry to your room.  You moved in 2 days ago. Since then you've locked yourself out of MacG 4 times. I just saw you wrapped in a blanket asking the security guard to let you into your room.  Here's to hoping! I heard you... I didn't think it was real. But then I checked and saw you masturbating in the sink.  Did you really have to take your shirt off while you did it...? :  latino dude always playing the guitar for lots of girls... teach me your skills ... Life. Sucking so badly. I feel like I'm such a horrible person to be around to lately. Not that I say or do anything not nice. Mostly because i'm in such a gloomy, bad, sad attitude. And because I'm always bubbly, people except me to be like that all the time. Aghhhhh, I feel so alone!!! Who could possibly understand...or more even, care to listen. Everyone's got their own stuff right? :( ... on the sofa in the corner of the third floor at about 1:30 today. I was late for the 2013 blanket handout so I didn't get one. I was on my phone when  and I thought about sitting next to you but there was not that much space. When I looked up again you are walking away. I wouldn't have thought much about it, but i realized we have the same backpack. You are pretty and now I wish I had talked to you but I know nothing about you. ...cute blonde girl with mexican dude. You're a nice couple. I am glad you are together again :) ...walking into Baker. I don't even know what happen between us, or whether if there was even 'us'. Past is past but I just wanted to say, before I thought what I needed was a relationship but now I see what I need is a fwb. If you're interested, let me know? ... and I am your friend who wants to be more. Everyone out there should perturb their relationships so that some of us roll off unstable equilibrium into lovely valleys. ...almost everywhere. We hang out all the time. And I've realized I really like you but I don't want to mess anything up. How do I tell my friend I want to be something more? ...asian girl from simmons with the purple jacket. you sat next to me and smiled. you are gorgeous! ...again on the 5th floor in the Athena cluster, but then you were gone like the wind.  You've really got to say hello. ... completely adorable TA from Italy. you are short. you wear really thick glasses. every time you come over to help my group my heart skips a beat!!!!!!!!! omgomgomg. You are so sweet and friendly and I spend all class daydreaming about you. ... Asian girl who was watching HIMYM on her laptop during lunch. Sorry if you caught me staring, I couldn't help it. You're stunning :) ... on the very first day. Months after that we shared thoughts, stories, and a bit of saliva, that was fun. You are adorably interesting and I am disappointed that nothing came of that. But you still look at me with starry eyes and a smile. I don't know what happened. However, I'll settle  for occasional eye contact and backwards Os ... laugh a bit and smile at me when I slipped and recovered coming into the building. Thanks for not shooting me a pity look and making it awkward. ...  It made me happy. :) ... you've got vitiligo and it looks effin good on you.  Werk it, sugar lips. ... drunken 30 year old Irishman on St. Patrick's Day.  It was 11am. I was using the self checkout line to buy myself some Hillshire Farms (GO MEAT!) cheddar brats for later. You came up to me with your most alluring shwastey face on and asked, Can I use your Shaw's cahd? I left mine at the bah last night. Of course I let you, what am I, some plebeian?  I hope all those Pepsis helped your hangover! Sorry if this is scattered, but I can't rain myself in. I've tried being subtle, I always want to wave, but it has all been in vane. Some may call you short, but I would argue you are Fahrenheit. I atmosphere you will put up a cold front, and gust you would drought my sincerity, though every day humid me so happy.  I'm flooding with emotions, as my love for you know snow limits and you cloud my judgment. Everyday seeing you is lifting my depression, lightning my load.  When I see you, I think to myself, Damn, I want to climate. I want to make your body move like a cyclone.  I hoped you would come monsoon to me, but instead you aired on the side of caution. Am I in your forecast?  Let me condense this, I want your jet stream in my vortex and your high pressure in my system.  You dust devil, dew me on a dirty ridge in the tornado alley like I'm a little hoar.  -La Niña  PS Please squall me vortex me, don’t fog-et.  ... white cutie with a gorgeous mexican accent talking spanish on the phone. I've heard you imitate accents before, that and your defined muscles and sexy abs totally make you desirable. Call me maybe? ... shooting around by yourself. you were wearing a blue delta psi (?) shirt. you had some nice shots! maybe next time we should play together ;)) , a bunch of girls in 14.01 being like OMG I'm failing 14.02 so hard!!1! No wonder you're failing, you didn't shut up all lecture. Maybe listening to the professor instead of giggling and talking all the time will at least turn your F into a D. I have a crush on my 8.02 TA. ... a classic miters boy if I've ever seen one. You ride your crazy custom electric scooter pretty well, but I could give you some other things to ride if you were interested ...asian girl who I bumped into at the Z center a couple of times a week, and also a few other places. I only talked to you once when you were a freshman and you even gave me your number, but I haven't really talked to you since, mainly cuz I have a crush on you and no one gave us the opportunity to talk and I don't want to seem like I was picking you up. Anyway whenever we see each other, I felt very awkward cuz we saw each other so many times but we never talk! I am sure you feel it too. Sorry I should have talked to you sooner but I just thought you are super stunning and I am just nervous whenever I see you. You probably think I wasn't interested since I don't ever show you anything, but I am just too shy when it comes to you...perhaps you can help me out? I promise if you just say something like hey I have seen you around before, I will be responsive. ;) , long-haired, dreamy boy. You looked so sexy with all that milk in your hair. Be my Milk Hero? ... Girl who looked upset.  I didn't know how to help you without being awkward, but I hope things turn around for you. ...6'1'' blue eyed brown haired senior swimmer majoring in Chemistry whose from Connecticut in 8.223 lecture during IAP. I think you should have asked for my number. ...6'7 blue-eyed blonde/brown hair junior Mechanical Engineering swimmer from Oregon staring at me last semester. I feel like we should talk ;) ... people that prolong their high school relationships in almost painful to watch ways. What makes you all so sure that he/she is the right person if you don't even get to know others? Is it because you feel in your comfort zone and are afraid to start something anew? Is it because you think you won't fond anyone else? Seriously, people from MIT, Harvard and all the colleges here have much more exciting backgrounds, talents and promising futures than basically any dull guy/girl from back home you did some club with... 